Finished
--------
Create a new subsystem that is the intake subsystem.  The intake subsystem should follow the AdvantageKit methodlogy with a subsystem class, 
and abstract IO class, a simulation hardware class, and a Kraken based hardware class.  The intake subsystem has one motor that deploys or 
retracts the intake.  This angle of the intake should be managed by a Magic Motion position control type.  All of the contstants including 
CAN ID, PID parameters, and MotionMagic constants should be in a seperate constants file.  The intake should be deployed or retracted by moving 
the intake to a specific angle.  When the robot is initialized the intake will be at a known angle and this will be the reference point for the 
intake going forward.  There will be ratio between the change in angle of the motor and the change in angle of the intake.  It is unknown 
current but put a placeholder of 13 in the constants file.  The second motor in this subsystem will be used to spin a roller at the end of the 
intake. There will be an unknown ratio between the spinner motor and the spinner wheel, so put this in the constants file as well and assume a 
2 to 1 ratio for now.  This should be managed via a PID controller to control the velocity of the rollers.  There should be Command based 
commands to move the intake to a specific position.  There should be a Command based command to set the spinner to a specific velocity.  All of 
this code should use the WPILIB Units library and not use double to represent physical units anywhere.

Create a shooter subsystem.  The shooter should have two motors that are mechanically coupled that rotate the flywheels. These two motors should
be in a leader and followed configuration.  There should be a third motor that controls the hood and therefore changes the angle of the shot.  All
of these motors should be Kraken motors.  This subsystem should be implemented using the Advantage Kit methodology with a subsystem class, an
abstract IO class, a simulation hardware class, and a Kraken based hardware class. All of the contstants including CAN ID, PID parameters, and 
MotionMagic constants should be in a seperate constants file.  There will be a ratio between the change in angle of the motor and the change in
angle of the hood.  It is unknown currently but put a placeholder of 8 in the constants file.  There will be a ratio between the number of rotations
of the flywheel motors and the flywheels that should be in the constants file as well.  There should be a Command that moves the hood to a specific
position.  There should also be a Command that sets the shooter flywheels to a specific rotational velocity.  All of this code should use the WPILIB 
Units library and not use double to represent physical units anywhere.

Create a hooper subsystem.  The hopper should have three motors.  Two of these motors will be used to agitate the balls in the hopper and will be 
in a leader and follower configuration.  The third motor will be used to move balls from the hopper to the shooter.  This subsystem should be implemented 
using the Advantage Kit methodology with a subsystem class, an abstract IO class, a simulation hardware class, and a Kraken based hardware class. All of 
the contstants including CAN ID, PID parameters, and MotionMagic constants should be in a seperate constants file.  There will be a ratio between the 
number of rotations of the motors and the agitator wheels that should be in the constants file as well.  There should be a Command that sets the agitator
motors to a specific rotational velocity.  There should also be a Command that sets the hopper motor to a specific rotational velocity.  All of this code 
should use the WPILIB Units library and not use double to represent physical units anywhere.

Create a robot level command that is stored in commands/robot.  This command should be the collect command and should deploy the intake, start the spinner
motor, and start the hopper agitator motors.  This command should be interruptable and when interrupted should stop all of the motors and retract the intake.

Create a robot level command that is stored in commands/robot.  This command should be the shoot command and should set the shooter flywheels to a specific
velocity, move the hood to a specific angle, and start the hopper motor to feed balls into the shooter.  This command should be interruptable and when 
interrupted should stop all of the motors.

Create a shooter tuning command that is stored in commands/shooter.  This command should allow for manual control of the shooter hood angle and the shooter 
flywheel velociy via smart dashboard numeric inputs.  This command should be interruptable and when interrupted should stop all of the motors.

Create an auto mode that just runs the shooter tuning command. 

Add the newly created automode to the autoChooser in the robot container.

Add a command to apply a specific voltage to the flywheel motors.

Add a command that puts an input on the smartdashboard that is a voltage.  This voltage should then be applied to the shooter motor.  Then wrap this command 
in an auto mode that just runs this new command.  Add this auto mode to the list that can be selected in the robot container.

Add the required support to the intake subsystem to support the SysID framework.

Add support into the robot container for running SysId commands.  These should only be available when the robot is it test mode.  There should be a enumerated 
constant that sets that is being analyzed.  For instance, IntakeDeploy, IntakeSpinner, ShooterHood, ShooterFlywheel, HopperAgitator, HopperFeeder.

Add the Hopper and the Intake to the RobotContainer.

For the ShooterConstants.java file, change the MOMENT_OF_INTERTIA values to use the WPILib units library.

For the IntakeConstants.java and the HooperConstants.java file, change the MOMENT_OF_INTERTIA values to use the WPILib units library.

MANUAL Code Changes
-------------------
Changed the robot type from COMPETITION to SIMBOT in Constants.java

